No I don’t wanna talk kiss marry or date you
(Nope)
I just want to tie you up and fucking rape you!
(Uh huh)
Ill take you home and hide you under my bed
Cuz im a psychopathic freak, I’m fucked up in the head mommy
I don’t wanna talk kiss marry or date you
I just wanna tie you up and date rape you
Take you home and I’ll fuck you dead
Im a goddamn freak fucked up in the head
Fucked up in the head
Fucked up in the head
I’m a psycho freak fucked up in the head
That’s why I paint my face and wear red huh?
You ever wonder how it came to this?
Trying to find someone to blame for this
How the fuck did I get framed for this
What the fuck I ever do to you?
I musta seemed like a fool to you
I was just tryin to be cool to you
What the fuck am I supposed to do?
Fuck you and your attitude
Fuck you and all the fucked up things you do
Fuck you and everyone that you compare me to
It doesn’t matter cuz I found someone better than you
Flyer too, but she much more finer than you
And her ass sit up a little higher than yours
And her pussy much tighter than yours
A better rider too
Ever wonder how it came to this?
You’re the only one to blame for this
Now get lost
Now get off my dick stupid I don’t owe you shit!
I won't be your stepping stonex4
Cuz I don’t need you!
You’re a fucking liar
Can't trust anyone
Public school, Sunday school, even sesame street
Huh, check it
I remember how it used to be
I remember what you said to me
And all the lies that you fed to me
You only wanted to control me
To use me, and confuse me, but you’ll see
I ain't a god damn slacker or an under achiever
Im a warrior im an anarchist
Fuck authority, fuck the world, fuck you bitch!
Fuck the police, fuck the rich, fuck that pussy emo shit
Those little faggots suck so much dick, it makes me sick
(Haha)
You ever wonder how it came to this?
And youre the only one to blame for this
Now get lost, now get off my dick stupid I don’t owe you shit!
I won’t be your stepping stone x4
You think you’re something
How youre bringing me down
You get your cheap fucking thrills while you’re bringing me down
But the words never over till the cum hits the ground
But you’ll never hear the sound